Feature: Templated operations inside of interfaces (#1479)
microsoft/cadl: docs/language-basics/interfaces.md

  write(t: T): void;
}
```

## Interface operation templates

> Operations defined inside of interface can also be templated. ([see templates](./templates.md) for details on templates.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operations defined inside of an interface can also be templated. ([see templates](./templates.md) for details on templates.)
```

```cadl
interface ReadWrite<T> {
  read(): T;
  write<R>(t: T): R;
}

alias MyReadWrite = ReadWrite<string>;

op myWrite is MyReadWrite.write<int32>;
```

:::caution

> Interface having some operation templated and some not will result in the non templated operation being picked up as operation for the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any uninstantiated, templated operation defined in an interface will be excluded from the list of service operations.
```

> This applies as well if using `extends` on a templated interface that has only some templated operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also applies when using `extends` on an interface that contains templated operations with unfilled template arguments.
```
